   
　　Fish says to Water: I am crying all the time, but you never know, because I'm in the water.
　　鱼对水说：我整天哭泣，不过你看不见我的眼泪，因为我在水中。
　　Water says: I know, because you are in my heart all the time.
　　水对鱼说;我能感觉到你的眼泪，因为你在我心中。
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. Can you see my lonely tears?
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。你能看见我寂寞的眼泪吗?
　　Fish says to Water: I will never leave you, because I can't live without you.
　　鱼对水说：我永远不会离开你，因为离开你，我无法生存。
　　Water says: I know, but if your heart is missing?
　　水对鱼说：我知道，可是如果你的心不在呢?
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. I won't leave you, because I love you.
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。我不离开你是因为我爱你。
　　But, am I in your heart?
　　可是，你的心里有我吗?
　　Fish says to Water: Im so lonely, because I only can live in the water.
　　鱼对水说：我很寂寞，因为我只能待在水中。
　　Water says: I know, because your loneliness is in my heart.
　　水对鱼说：我知道，因为我的心里装着你的寂寞。
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. I'm lonely, because Im missing you.
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。我寂寞是因为我思念你。
　　But, can you feel it?
　　可是，远方的你能感受到吗?
　　Fish says to Water: If there is not the fish in the water, then what is else left here?
　　鱼对水说：如果没有鱼，那水里还会剩下什么?
　　Water says: If you were not here, then how I was?
　　水对鱼说：如果没有你，那又怎么会有我?
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. I will still living very well without your love.
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。没有你的爱，我依然会好好的活。
　　But, living very well does not mean forget.
　　可是，好好的活并不代表我可以把你忘记。
　　Fish says to Water: I cant go outside to see the world is the biggest regret in my life.
　　鱼对水说：一辈子不能出去看看外面的世界，是我最大的遗憾。
　　Water says: I cant let you give up this idea is my biggest defeat in my life.
　　水对鱼说：一辈子不能打消你的这个念头，是我最大的失败。
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. Now I just want a promise for a whole life.
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。现在的我只想要一个一辈子的承诺。
　　But, can you　burden it?
　　可是，你负担得起吗?
　　Fish says to Water: Am I the first fish in your whole life?
　　鱼对水说：在你的一生中，我是第几条鱼?
　　Water says: you are not the first fish in the water, but you are the first fish in my heart.
　　水对鱼说：你不是在水中的第一条鱼，但却是在我心中的第一条。
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. Both of us are not the first person to each other.
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。可是，你知道吗?你却是我第一个想嫁的人。
　　But, you know? You are the first one who makes me take care of.
　　可是，你知道吗?你却是我第一个想嫁的人。
　　Fish says to Water: Can you belive fall in love at first sight?
　　鱼对水说：你相信一见钟情吗?
　　Water says: The moment when I wake up to you are a fish, I already knew you will swim to my heart.
　　水对鱼说：当我意识到你是鱼的那一刻，就知道你会游到我的心里。
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. I think I wouldn't love you for long, because it's love at first sight.
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。我以为我对你的爱不会长久，因为那是一见钟情。
　　But I'm wrong, love is like the wine, store it longer and longer, it will be aromatic　more and more.
　　可是，我错了，感情如酒，越封越浓越长久。
　　Fish says to Water: Why do I ask and you answer every time?
　　鱼对水说：为什么每次都是我问你答?
　　Water says: Because I like that you understand my heart during the　interlocution.
　　水对鱼说：因为我喜欢在问答中让你了解我的心。
　　I'm not the fish, you are not the water. Why you always let me wait?
　　我不是鱼，你也不是水。为什么你总是让我等待?
　　Don't you know, Wait=Lost belief=Give up?
　　难道你不知道，等待=失去信心=放弃。
　　If I'm the fish, you are the water, how nice that is?
　　如果我是鱼，而你是水，那该多好!
　　The water always know the fish's idea, because the fish in the heart of the water.
　　水永远都知道鱼的想法，因为鱼在水心里。
　　But I'm not the fish, you are not the water.
　　但是我不是鱼，你也不是水。
　　You never know my love, maybe I'm not in your heart at all.
　　你永远都不知道我的爱，因为我也许根本就不在你的心里……
　　If I'm the fish, you are the water.
　　如果我是鱼，你就是水。
　　Can I swim to your heart......
　　我可以游向你的
本文选自
，点击
。
　　更多信息请访问：

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、
名专家为您服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2015 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml