　　
　　
　　An elderly carpenter was ready to retire。 He told his employer-contractor of his plans to leave the house-building business to live a more leisurely life with his wife and enjoy his extended family。 He would miss the paycheck each week， but he wanted to retire。 They could get by。
　　有个老木匠准备退休，他告诉老板，说要离开建造行业，回家与妻子儿女享受天伦之乐。虽然老板给他的工资很高，可是，他更想享受退休生活。生活总能维持下去。
　　The contractor was sorry to see his good worker go and asked if he could build just one more house as a personal favor。 The carpenter said yes， but over time it was easy to see that his heart was not materials。 It was an unfortunate way to end a dedicated career。
　　老板很不舍得他的好工人离开，问他是否能帮忙再建一座房子。老木匠答应了。但是大家后来都看得出来，他的心已不在工作上，他使用的是次料，做工也很粗糙。这真是一种令人遗憾的结束自己全心全意所从事的事业的方式。
　　When the carpenter finished his work ，his employer came to inspect the house。 Then he handed the front-door key to the carpenter and said， “This is your house。 。 。 my gift to you。 ”
　　房子建好的时候，老板前来视察，然后把大门的钥匙递给他，说道：“这是你的房子……是我送给你的礼物。”
　　The carpenter was shocked！
　　老木匠惊呆了！
　　What a shame！ If he had only known he was building his own house， he would have done it all so differently。
　　真是丢脸啊！如果他早知道是在给自己建房子，他一定不会这么应付了事的。
　　So it is with us。 We build our lives， a day at a time， often putting less than our best into the building。 Then， with a shock； we realize we have to live in the house we have built。 If we could do it over， we would do it much differently。
　　我们又何尝不是这样。我们漫不经心地“建造”自己的生活，不是积极行动，而是消极应付，凡事不肯精益求精，在关键时刻不能尽最大努力。等我们惊觉自己的处境，早已深困在自己建造的“房子”里了。如果能够重新来过，我们一定不会这么做。
　　But， you cannot go back。 You are the carpenter， and every day you hammer a nail， place a board， or erect a wall， Someone once said， “Life is a do-it-yourself project。 ”Your attitude and the choices you made today， help build the “house” you will live in tomorrow。 Therefore， build wisely！
　　但是，你永远也无法回到过去。你就是那个木匠，在建造“生活”这所房子，每天敲进去一颗钉，加上去一块板，或者砌起一面墙。有人曾经说过：“生活就是一项DIY的工程”。你今天的态度与选择决定了你明天会住在什么样的“房子”里。因此，用你的智慧去建造你的“房子”吧！
　　来源：口袋英语精选微信公众账号
　　责任编辑：陈熙

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2018 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml