　
　　
　　a very studious person， intellectually gifted in the field of academics， a very intelligent person
　　勤奋好学，在学术上富有天赋，一个非常聪明的人
　　I think Jane will do well in her finals。 She has always been a kind of egghead from elementary school all the way through college。
　　我认为简会在期末考试中取得好成绩。从小学到大学，她一直都学得很好。
　　
　　an important and influential person
　　一个重要且有影响力的人
　　Do you know Peter？ He’s a big cheese at the company， he may help you to get a good job there。
　　你认识彼得吗？他可是公司里的大人物，他可以帮助你在那里得到一份好工作。
　　
　　a very lazy person who watches too much
　　一个很懒而且总是在看电视的人
　　My uncle is a couch potato， you never see him without the remote control in his hand。
　　我的叔叔是一个电视迷，他的手里永远都拿着遥控器。
　　
　　a very determined person， durable and robust person， a person who is difficult to deal with
　　非常有决心，坚韧，难对付的人
　　There is a tough cookie on the phone， he insists to talk to the manager， shall I put him through？
　　打电话的这个家伙非常强硬，他坚持要和经理谈谈，我能把电话接给经理吗？
　　
　　leader， boss， the chief person in a group， the head of a project
　　领导，老板，团队负责人，项目负责人
　　I don’t know when we’ll finish， ask Jack， he’s the top banana here。
　　我不知道我们什么时候结束，问杰克，他是我们这儿的头儿。
　　
　　troublemaker， criminal
　　制造麻烦者，犯人
　　He’s a real bad apple。 If I were you， I wouldn’t let my daughter go out with him。
　　他真是个坏蛋，如果我是你我就不会让我女儿跟他出去。
　　
　　pretending to dislike something that you can’t have
　　假装不喜欢你得不到的东西
　　The losers say they don’t mind that they couldn’t win the cup， but I’m sure this is only sour grapes。
　　失败者说他们不介意自己不能赢的奖杯，我确定他们只是吃不到葡萄说葡萄酸。
　　
　　an American law that protects those who buy defective cars or other consumer goods
　　美国法律保护那些购买劣质汽车和日用品的人
　　Unfortunately， his new car had an engine defect， but he received a complete refund in accordance with the lemon law。
　　不幸的是，他的新车引擎有缺陷，但是他按照伪劣商品赔还法获得了全额退款。
　　
　　this expression is used when somebody is pregnant。
　　这个短语用来形容某人怀孕的状态
　　I have a bun the oven， the baby is due in 7 months。
　　我有一个胎儿，宝宝在7个月之后出生。
　　
　　this idiom describes a person who earns a living or provides financial support to the home。
　　这个习语描述的是供养家庭，为家庭提供经济支柱的人。
　　I work hard so I can support my family， I bring home the bacon。
　　我努力工作，这样我才能养家糊口供养我的家庭。
　　
　　describes something that is tacky， silly， inauthentic or cheap。
　　描述一些俗气，愚蠢，假的或者便宜的东西。
　　The novel received terrible reviews and was even said to be cheesy as many critics thought it was too predictable。
　　这部小说的评论并不好，甚至被认为俗气，因为许多评论家都认为它太老套了。
　　
　　this describes somebody that is excited about something or very energetic and lively。
　　这个习语描述了对某事感兴趣或者充满活力且富有朝气的人。
　　The supporters were full of beans at the match， they chanted， sang and even danced when their team scored the winning goal。
　　在比赛中，球迷们精力旺盛，他们高呼，唱歌，甚至在他们的球队打进制胜球的时候跳舞。
　　
　　this describes something that is really easy to do or takes very little effort。
　　这个习语指一件非常容易做的事或者是花费很少精力就可以完成的事。
　　The exam was a piece of cake。 I knew all the answers， I was finished within half an hour。
　　这次考试对我来说真是小菜一碟，我知道所有的答案，半个小时内我就完成了所有的题。
　　
　　this idiom is used when somebody tells a secret that they shouldn’t have。
　　这个习语用来形容某人说了他不该说的秘密。
　　Spill the beans， how did you know the answer to the mathematics question？
　　说漏了嘴，你是怎么知道数学题的答案的？
　　
　　this idiom is used when somebody is skeptical about something or someone。
　　这个习语用来形容某人对某事或者某人持怀疑态度。
　　Detectives have to be skeptical and suspicious when interviewing suspects。 They have to take everything being said with a pinch of salt。
　　审问嫌疑犯时，侦探们必须保持怀疑的态度，对嫌疑犯们说的话将信将疑。
　　
　　this idiom is used when somebody flatters somebody else， usually because they want something from them。
　　这个习语用来形容出于自身的某种需要奉承别人。
　　The employer buttered up to the manager as he wanted to be promoted to the new position in work。
　　这个员工奉承经理，因为他想要被提升到新的工作职位上去。
　　来源：沪江英语
　　责任编辑：陈熙

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml