　　这是一篇获奖作文，作者为一个初中ABC。可以从中看看美国孩子的作文水平。我觉得这样的水平，很多北京国际学校的学生也是有的。
　　A Thousand Mile Journey 
　　My arms were sweating buckets， my knees were wobbling as if I were on stilts， and my hands were shaking but I made it； I had traveled the thousand mile journey from one of China’s most southern cities， Fu Zhou， to one of its most northern， Jia Xing。 The 2015 school year had just ended and my father and I had traveled back to China。 My father eventually left me at my grandmother’s hometown so he could move faster and further on his business trip while I stayed back to care for my bone-weary grandmother。 Many weeks flew by as I lived a life free of worries， frequently hanging out with my friends and enjoying the traditional foods made best in Fu Zhou such as their fish balls， thin noodles， along with their variety of soups and stews。 Without realizing， my summer vacation was practically over and soon we needed to fly back to America。 One morning my father called me with fateful news， “Unfortunately I can’t make it back in time to pick you up and take you to our departing airport so I need you to ride a bullet train to my city。” As a young girl who barely knew enough Chinese to maintain a conversation with a first grader， this concept was terrifying and would require a significant amount of courage and determination。 I didn’t realize how much courage a simple train ride would require until I had to travel a thousand miles by myself in a busy and rapidly moving country。 
　　China is the most populated country in the world and traveling in it by myself felt about as safe as skydiving without a parachute。 I was voyaging in a foreign country without fluent speaking capabilities and minimal understanding of the written form of the language and I wasn’t exactly strong enough to protect myself in the case of an emergency。 Over the next few days my family briefed me on all the information that would get me to my destination。 By the day of my departure I had so much knowledge on how to travel that I could’ve taught a college course on my route to my father’s location。 Unfortunately， that morning started going downhill when the taxi driver drove my grandmother and I to the wrong train station。 With ten minutes to spare we managed to hustle our way to the correct place。 At the security border， I was quickly forced to leave my grandmother and I was absolutely terrified to set out on my own。 Staring intently at my train ticket， I tried my best to find the correct train entrance。 However， my lack of understanding for the written Chinese language made this like trying to find a needle in a haystack。 My mind kept pulling up stories of children traveling by themselves and the terrible things that had happened but I shook them away and searched incessantly until I found my train entrance。 Several minutes later I had boarded safely onto the bullet train and tucked myself away in an isolated corner practically gluing myself to my luggage and staring out at the scenery。 For four more hours I stayed like this， listening to music or reading a book， whatever I could do to stay awake because I didn’t want to leave my luggage unattended。 At the fifth hour I got off at a stop to stretch my legs and use the restroom。 Apparently， half the women on the train had the same action because the bathroom was packed to the brim with tired somnambulate passengers。 It took me ten minutes just to get a stall and just at that moment the intercom rang out calling everyone back to the bullet train。 My heart rate shot up as fast as the bullet train could move as I panicked to get back to my seat。 At the same time， more people began flooding into the bathroom and platform because another train had pulled in。 I pushed through like a salmon rushing upstream and rushed onto my car as the conductor yelled， “Last call for people on their way to Jia Xing station！” I sighed in relief as I pushed into the car， barely in time as the conductor sealed the doors shut。 I eventually made it safely to my father and the flight back to America went without a hiccup either。 I kept this story of my thousand-mile courage to brag to my friends for many weeks after my return。 
　　At the time， traveling a thousand miles in China without knowing Chinese seemed impossible and dangerous， especially in such a busy country。 Now I have these experiences with me and have undergone stressful situations and how to react to them。 I believe that the courage involved in that train ride has now opened new doors for places I can go and things I can do that were once closed。 Courage is the ability to do something that frightens one and keep moving forward， and I believe that this train ride brought out that strength in me and can do the same for many others。 
　　本文转自《
》，点击
。
　　责任编辑：陈熙

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml