　　你知道吗，不同颜色在英语中代表着不同的意义，快来get√！
　　BLACK IDIOMS
　　黑色习语
　　1。 Black and white
　　1。非黑即白的
　　To judge everything as either one way or the other， good or bad。
　　考虑问题的方式，非黑即白的，绝对化的。
　　Our boss always thinks that everything is straightforward， but he doesn’t realize that this whole situation is not as black and white as he thinks！
　　老板想问题总是太简单。他根本意识不到情况并非向他想的那样非黑即白！
　　2。 Put something down in black and white
　　2。白纸黑字
　　To write or have something written down on paper for confirmation or evidence
　　在纸上写下内容，用以确认或证明
　　I don’t understand why you don’t believe me！ Look， it’s written here in black and white！
　　白纸黑字摆在这，你为什么就是不信我！
　　3。 Black as night
　　3。漆黑一片
　　Somewhere very dark， when it is hard to see anything
　　漆黑一片，伸手不见五指
　　We had another power cut last night； it was as black as night in our house。 We didn’t even have any candles！
　　昨晚又断电了，屋里漆黑一片。我们连蜡烛都没有！
　　4。 Black and blue
　　4。鼻青脸肿
　　Used to describe something that is badly bruised
　　皮肤被打的青一块紫一块
　　John’s face was black and blue after the boxing match。
　　拳赛过后，约翰脸上青一块紫一块。
　　5。 Black eye
　　5。乌青的眼眶
　　A bruise near one’s eye
　　（被殴打所致的）乌青的眼眶
　　Fred came home with a horrible black eye today， but he won’t tell us what happened！
　　弗雷德青着眼睛回家，却怎么也不告诉我们到底发生了什么！
　　6。 Black out
　　6。熄灭；昏厥
　　This means to， either darkens by putting out or dimming the lights， or to lose consciousness。
　　熄灭灯火或暂时失去知觉。
　　We had a huge black out here last night， the whole town was out of power for about 7 hours！
　　昨晚我们这儿大断电，整座小镇连续七小时漆黑一片。
　　I don’t know what happened to him， he just blacked out！ Maybe he banged his head。
　　不知道怎么回事，他突然就失去意识了！也许是碰着头了。
　　7。 Black as a skillet
　　7。黑如煮锅
　　Used to describe something that is very dirty， black with dirt
　　用来描述某物极脏，混着泥土
　　My hands and clothes were as black as a skillet， and I was only halfway through cleaning your garage！
　　车库才打扫一半，我的衣服上、手上就全是泥土了。
　　8。 Black market
　　8。黑市交易
　　A term used for places where goods are illegally bought and sold for a profit。
　　非法买卖场所
　　Jerry used to sell cigarettes from South America on the black market！
　　杰里曾在黑市贩卖过南美的香烟。
　　9。 Blackball someone
　　9。反对某人
　　To exclude or ostracize someone socially
　　社交方面，反对某人
　　Their company has been blackballed ever since that scandal was all over the newspapers。
　　自从公司被爆出丑闻，便没有人再支持他们了。
　　10。 Blacklist someone
　　10。将某人列入黑名单
　　To write someone’s name on a list if they break any rules， and ban them from having the opportunity to take part again
　　将违反规定的人列入黑名单，并取消再次参加的机会
　　“I was in a lot of debt a while ago， and was unable to pay it all back， so I’ve been blacklisted。 I’m not allowed to get a mortgage in my own name。”
　　“之前我负债累累，无法偿还所有的欠款，因此被列入了黑名单。从此之后，再也不能申请贷款了。”
　　11。 Pot calling the kettle black （shorten version： pot kettle black）
　　11。五十步笑百步
　　This is used when the person who hypocritically criticizes or accuses someone else is as guilty as the person he or she criticizes or accuses
　　嘲笑他人，尽管这些嘲笑者本身有同样的缺点
　　She kept telling me that I shouldn’t do that， but that’s like the pot calling the kettle black， as she does it herself too！
　　她滔滔不绝地告诉我不该那么做，可她自己还是老样子，真是五十步笑百步！
　　12。 Blackmail someone
　　12。敲诈某人
　　To extort or take money from someone by using their secrets against them and threatening to reveal it to others
　　通过威胁泄露他人隐私进行敲诈或勒索
　　He has been blackmailing me for months with some photos。
　　数月来，他一直用这些照片对我敲诈勒索。
　　13。 In someone’s black books
　　13。列入黑明册
　　To be in disgrace or in disfavor with someone
　　很不讨人喜欢或不受欢迎
　　After that argument yesterday， I assure you he will be in a lot of people’s black books for quite some time！
　　昨晚那场争执，估计你得罪了不少人！
　　14。 Black tie event/affair
　　14。需穿正装出席的场合
　　A formal event where male guests wear black bow ties with tuxedos
　　男性须着黑领结晚礼服的正式场合
　　The awards ceremony will be a black tie event， so I’ll have to buy a smart suit。 My wife is going to wear her purple ball gown。
　　颁奖典礼需穿正装，因此我得买套时髦的衣服。妻子打算穿那件紫色舞袍。
　　15。 Black sheep
　　15。害群之马
　　Used to talk about someone who is a disgrace or embarrassment to their group
　　用来描述家族或集体的败类
　　I have always been the black sheep in my family， I have a completely different personality to all of them， and we don’t even look the same！
　　我一直是家里的败家子，性格与他们完全不同，就连长相也不怎么一样！
　　16。 In the black
　　16。盈利
　　Meaning successful or profitable
　　获得成功或有盈余
　　Their company has been in the black ever since the new CEO took over， and changed it all around！
　　新总裁上任后，这家公司常年赢利，有了很大改观。
　　17。 Pitch black
　　17。漆黑一片
　　Another term for somewhere that is very dark， and you are unable to see anything
　　描述某地漆黑一片，伸手不见五指。
　　I was afraid to go downstairs， the whole house was pitch black， and very quiet。
　　房子里漆黑静寂，我不敢下楼。
　　来源：沪江英语
　　责任编辑：陈熙
　　更多信息请访问：

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml