　　乔治·奥威尔《动物庄园》
　　Animal Farm is probably one of the most popular school reads in the world。 George Orwell wrote it as a political allegory and has since then inspired the minds of not only adult revolutionaries but also the younger ones who start feeling the spark of righteousness and freedom for all of the humanity in their hearts。
　　《动物庄园》可能是全球最受欢迎的校园读物之一。它作为一部政治寓言体小说出版以后不仅启发了青年革命者而且使那些开始在内心感受到人性的正义和自由火花的年轻人觉醒。
　　
　　No matter how old you are， in this book you will find gems of wisdom and advice， The Little Prince reveals the true essence of human nature， it serves to advise us not to be fooled by those in power， it warns us that the conceited man is alone in his own world。
　　不管你多大年纪，在这本书里你总能找到如宝石般珍贵的智慧和建议。小王子揭示了人性的真谛，它告诉我们不要被当权者所迷惑，它警示我们自负的人在他们自己的世界里是孤独的
　　
　　This is a wise， funny， and heartbreakingly moving comic-strip memoir of Marjane Satrapi’s years growing up in Iran during the Islamic Revolution， and how she dealt with life whilst experiencing the devastating effects of the war with Iraq。 The mistakes she felt she made opened her eyes and shaped her into becoming the influential individual she is today。
　　这是一本在伊斯兰革命时期，关于玛嘉·莎塔琵在伊朗一年生活中睿智、有趣、令人心碎感动的动画回忆录，以及她经历伊拉克战争的毁灭性影响是如何面对生活的。她觉得那些她犯过的错误开阔了她的眼界，使她变成了今天具有影响力的一个人。
　　
　　This is definitely one of the must-read children’s book。 A story of two people of the same country， but of different tribes and times – both finding themselves on this long， tiring and often dangerous walk of life。
　　这是儿童必备读物之一。这是关于同一个国家两个人，但是不同部落和时代的故事，最终他们在这条漫长，疲倦，经常充满危险的生活之路上找到自我。
　　
　　This provocative and compelling novel is about a group of ordinary boys stranded on a coral island。 At first it seems as though it will all be fun and games， however the fun and games soon turn into something more animalistic and cruel。 Thus， life for some of the boys on the island turns into a nightmare of panic and death。
　　这篇小说简述了一群普通的男孩被困在珊瑚岛上，一开始似乎充满了欢乐和玩耍，然而这种无知天真很快演变成动物般野蛮和残忍。因此，在岛上的生活对于男孩们来说成为了一段充满恐慌了死亡的噩梦。
　　
　　Regarded as a masterpiece of literature – it is no wonder it won the Pulitzer Prize。 To Kill a Mocking Bird is one of those rare classics that both bring you to laughter and tears。 It moves its readers in the profound way in which it reminds us as human beings how important it is to defend the innocent。
　　作为一部文坛巨作，它毫无疑问的获得了普利策奖。《杀死一只知更鸟》是一部能给你带来欢笑和眼泪的杰出经典小说。它以一种意义深远的方式感动着读者，并且提醒我们作为人类来说保护无辜的人是多么重要。
　　J.K。罗琳《哈利波特系列》
　　A story showing the absolute courage of a young boy， who was never afraid to speak his mind in the face of injustice and would always defend the helpless。 A boy that shows us the importance of believing in ourselves and others。 Harry Potter reminds us that the true power to defeat any enemy is not found in others， but found within each of us。
　　这个故事描写了一个充满绝对勇气的年轻男孩，面对正义从来不惧怕说出自己的想法，总是在保护那些弱小无助的人。这个男孩告诉我们相信自己和别人的重要性。哈利波特告诉我们真正打败任何敌人的力量不是别人，而是我们自己。
　　本文来源：沪江英语
　　责任编辑：王淳
　　更多信息请访问：

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2016 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml