　　These practical jokes are easy， fun—and a little bit wicked。 （But they won‘t get you grounded， we hope。）
　　下面这些玩笑简单有趣，可行度高，但是有点小小的邪恶哦（但愿你的爸爸妈妈不会因此让你禁足）。
　　把水龙头变成奇怪的颜色
　　Make your parents worry about the water quality with this harmless prank。 Use a cotton swab to wipe gel food coloring around the rim of the faucet spout， right where the water comes out。 （Choose red for a particularly spooky touch！） Then watch and wait for them to freak out when they fill up their glass。
　　用这个无害的恶作剧让父母担心一下水质。用棉签擦拭带色的凝胶食物色素，涂到水龙头出水处（用红色来做一个可怕的效果！）等着看爸爸妈妈接水时的尖叫吧。
　　Swap the sugar and salt
　　互换糖和盐
　　If your parents drink their coffee or tea with a touch of sugar， replace the sweetener in their sugar bowl with salt for a not-so-sweet surprise。 （Note： Don‘t forget to replace it before you need a little sugar for your oatmeal！）
　　要是爸爸妈妈喝咖啡和茶的时候习惯放糖，把糖换成盐，给他们一个不甜蜜的惊喜。（注意：自己喝燕麦片的时候别忘了把糖换回来！）
　　Power down the remotes
　　取出遥控器电源
　　Take the batteries out of every remote in the house to make it impossible to change the channel。 （Bonus points if you switch the TV to your favorite channel before you shut it down。）
　　把家里所有遥控器的电池都拿出来，不能换台。（加分点：在卸电池之前先调到自己最喜欢的频道）
　　Seal off their shampoo
　　封住沐浴露
　　Get them into a lather in the shower by sealing off their shampoo， conditioner or body wash。 To do this， unscrew the cap and place a small piece of plastic wrap over the bottle opening before you screw the lid back on。 They‘ll have no idea why they can’t get their cleaning products out。
　　封住沐浴露或关掉空凋，让爸妈在淋浴中抓狂。首先把沐浴露盖子打开，在瓶口处放一层保鲜膜，再拧好盖子。父母倒不出沐浴露肯定会一脸蒙圈。
　　Turn everything upside down
　　把所有东西倒置
　　Sneak downstairs before your parents get up， and set all the small objects in the house （picture frames， clocks， books， and other doodads） upside down or backward。 You can also turn jackets and other items inside out。
　　在爸妈醒来前偷偷下楼，把所有小物件（相框、钟表、书和其他小装饰物）都倒置或者反过来，夹克衫和其他衣物也可以翻过来哦。
　　Surprise them with a spider
　　用蜘蛛吓他们
　　If one of your family members is freaked out about creepy crawlies， this April Fool‘s joke will definitely get a reaction。 Unroll the toilet paper slightly， and draw a creepy spider a few sheets in with a marker。 Roll it back up， and wait for your victim to get a surprise。
　　要是家里有人害怕爬行动物，那愚人节可有的玩了。轻轻打开厕纸，用马克笔在内部画一只蜘蛛，再把厕纸卷回去，就等着当事人“惊喜”一下。
　　Create your own （fake） cracked screen
　　做一个假碎屏
　　If you have your own smartphone or tablet， you can really get your parents fooled by pretending your screen has been cracked。 You can download images or even find online apps that will make your screen look like it‘s shattered。 Your parents will totally be relieved when you scream “April Fool’s。”
　　如果有手机或平板，可以在网上下载碎屏图片，假装屏幕碎了，愚人节和父母开开玩笑，然后喊出“愚人节快乐”看父母松一口气的样子。
　　Switch out their underwear
　　互换内衣
　　Make getting ready in the morning a little more challenging by switching the underwear from one person‘s drawers to another family member’s。 （It‘s especially funny if you put a kid’s teeny pair of underwear into the biggest family member‘s dresser。）
　　早上准备点更挑战性的事情。互换家庭成员的内衣（把小朋友的内衣放到大人的衣橱里会特别好玩。）
　　Tinker with their drinks
　　给饮料添彩
　　There are a few different ways you can bring a little April Fool‘s fun to your drinks。 Try hiding a little food coloring beneath some ice cubes—so when you pour in water or another drink， you’ll get a colorful beverage。 Or create a creepy ice cube by freezing a plastic bug into an ice cube， and slipping it into their drink。
　　在饮料方面还可以做一些愚人节玩笑。在冰块下藏一点食物色素，加水或饮料的时候就会得到一杯有色饮料。或者冷冻一直塑料虫，做一个爬行冰块，把冰块放到爸妈杯子里。
　　Upgrade your framed photos
　　更新照片
　　Looking for a more subtle prank to pull on your parents？ Print out （or snip out） pictures of your favorite characters or cartoons， and replace your family photos with these silly shots。 （Let‘s see how long it takes for your parents to see that Harry Potter has replaced you in the portrait。）
　　想和父母开一个不那么明显的玩笑？把最喜欢的角色或动漫打印出来，放到所有蠢蠢的家庭合影上（可以期待一下爸妈要花多长时间才能发现哈利波特替代了照片中的你）。
　　Help them learn a new language
　　教爸妈一门新的语言
　　Swap the settings on the TV or their phone so they see everything in Spanish or French instead of English。 （Then maybe they can help you with your language homework too！）
　　更改电视或手机设置，这样他们一打开手机就能看到西班牙语或法语，而不是英语。（这也许能帮你完成语言作业！）
　　Make a splash
　　做个水花
　　This one is an oldie， but a goodie： Use a rubber band on the sink sprayer handle to keep it pressed down。 When the next unsuspecting person goes to turn on the faucet， your prank will make a big splash as the sprayer soaks them。
　　这个招式比较老套，也不够精品：用橡皮筋把水龙头压低，有不知情的人开水龙头时，水就会四溅开。
　　Create a sticky situation
　　制造棘手问题
　　If your parents constantly ask you to replace the roll of toilet paper， here‘s the perfect opportunity to do it—but with something funny。 Put a roll of duck tape on the holder instead of toilet paper。
　　如果爸妈经常让你换厕纸，绝佳机会来了，我们要换个有趣的东西。放一卷布基胶带在厕纸的位置。
　　Stop the mouse in its tracks
　　让鼠标停下来
　　Stick a Post-It or a piece of clear tape over the tracking ball on the computer mouse to keep it from moving。 Watch your parents‘ confusion as they try to figure out why their computer’s on the fritz。
　　在鼠标的滑动小球上贴便利贴或者透明胶，让鼠标无法移动。观察爸妈疑惑电脑是不是出了问题的表情。
　　来源：沪江英语
　　责任编辑：陈熙
电话：400-690-0000 欢迎批评指正

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        

                    
Copyright © 1996-2018 SINA Corporation
All Rights Reserved 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/kids/2017-05-03/doc-ifyetwtf9838445.shtml