　　和大家一起分享能够高频率利用到现行SAT作文中的名言警句，让同学们的作文在最后一搏中锦上添花，博取高分。
　　
　　Dare and the world always yields。 If it beats you sometimes， dare it again and again and it will succumb。 ——W.M Thackeray
　　Imagination is more important than knowledge。 Knowledge is limited。 Imagination encircles the world。——Albert Einstein
　　I start where the last man left off。 ——Thomas Edison
　　The further backward you can look， the further forward you will see。——Winston Churchill
　　You’ll learn more about a road by traveling it than by consulting all the maps in the world。
　　Don‘t bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors.Try to be better than yourself。——William Faulkner American writer
　　Follow your own course， and let people talk。——Italian poet Alghieri Dante
　　
　　Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration。 ——Thomas Edison
　　Few things are impossible to diligence and skill。 ——Samuel Johnson
　　Success is the sum of small efforts， repeated day in and day out。 ——Robert Collier American writer
　　I’m a great believer in luck， and I find the harder I work， the more I have of it。 ——Thomas Jefferson the 3rd American president
　　Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity。 Luck is not chance。 It’s toil。 Fortune’s expensive smile is earned。 ——Emily Dickinson
　　
　　Prosperity is a great teacher； adversity is a greater。 ——William Hazlitt
　　We choose to go to the moon and other things， not because they are easy， but because they are hard。 —— John F。 Kennedy
　　In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity。 ——Albert Einstein American physicist
　　Those who aim at great deeds must suffer greatly。 ——Crassus
　　No pains， no palm； no thorns， nothrone； no gall， no glory； no cross， no crown。——William Penn
　　In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage。 In every defeat there is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time。 ——Robert Collier
　　Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs。 ——Henry Ford American entrepreneur
　　
　　An optimist sees an opportunity in every calamity； a pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity。 —— British prime minister Winston Churchill
　　A sad soul can kill you quicker， far quicker， than a germ。——John Steinbeck
　　While the world is full of suffering， it is also full of overcoming it。——Helen Keller
　　Birds sing after a storm。 Why shouldn‘t people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them？——Rose Kennedy
　　
　　What we do for ourselves dies with us。 What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal。——Albert Pine English critic
　　Two heads are better than one。 三个臭皮匠，顶个诸葛亮。
　　One boy is a boy； two boys halfboy； three boys no boy。 一个和尚挑水吃，两个和尚抬水吃，三个和尚没水吃
　　A stake with three fences， a good brave fellow three help。 一个篱笆三个桩，一个好汉三个帮
　　In unity there is strength。 团结就是力量
　　A friend indeed is known by sharing hardships。 患难是朋友试金石。
　　A hedge between keeps friendship green。 君子之交淡如水
　　A life without a friend is a life without a sun。 人若无友，犹如只有生命没有太阳。
　　United we stand， divided we fall。合即立，分即垮。
　　One swallow does not make asummer。 一燕不成夏。
　　
　　
　　责任编辑：润琰
　　更多信息请访问：
  

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2018 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/a/2018-03-28/doc-ifysqfnh7016375.shtml