　　上大学获取一个学位可不是件容易的事。大多数人相信，获得大学文凭对一名毕业生的未来职业发展必有帮助。但这一纸文凭究竟有那么管用吗？学生所学习的专业会影响其未来的就业和收入吗？本集《随身英语》讨论在英国，学历和收入之间的关系。
　　
　　
　　What's the point of studying?! It's something you might ask yourself if you're studying for a degree and you're struggling to complete an 
 or 
 in an exam, especially if your friends seem to be out having a good time, or are working and earning lots of money.
　　Many of us choose to go to university as a first step towards a good 
 but sometimes that career is hard to achieve and 
 end up doing something they are 
 for. The Chartered Institute for Personnel and Development says that with the 
 of university, students need to ask themselves whether a degree path is the best route into a career. It says there is a need for much better career advice and guidance, alongside high-quality alternative 
 routes into employment other than university education.
　　But other new research commissioned for the BBC, says that a degree will, 
, earn you more. However there are differences in your earning potential. Dr Jack Britton from the Institute for Fiscal Studies says that "Graduates of the 24 
 universities earn an average of £33,500 after five years - about 40% more than those who studied at other universities."
　　However, it found it's not just the location but other factors than can play a part in what you can earn, such as the subject a student chooses to study. It discovered that five years after graduation, the 
 between students who studied the subjects that attract the highest and lowest salaries can be considerable. Graduates in subjects such as 
, 
 and 
 tend to do well. And as they progress, the pay gap between these careers and others, such as the 
, widens. There are other factors too that influence what you might earn: Five years after graduation, men earn on average, 14% more than women. Also, a student's 
 can have an effect, with those from better-off households much more likely to go to university and particularly a good one.
　　But if you still feel university delivers the best opportunities then there are encouraging words from Alistair Jarvis, head of Universities UK, who told BBC News that "Employers are demanding more graduates... and graduates are half as likely to be unemployed as non-graduates. There are many many good graduate 
 coming from universities." So maybe all that studying is worth it – after all '
'!
　　
　　assignment 作业
　　sweat it out 如坐针毡地等待（考试）结束
　　career 职业，事业
　　graduate 毕业生
　　overqualified 资历过高的
　　spiralling costs 急剧上升的费用
　　vocational 职业的
　　in the long run 从长远看
　　Russell Group 罗素大学集团
　　income gap 收入差
　　law 法律
　　medicine 医学
　　dentistry 牙科
　　creative arts 创意艺术
　　social background 社会家庭背景
　　outcome 结果
　　no pain, no gain 一份耕耘，一份收获
　　
　　
　　1. According to the article, why might you question whether to go to university or not?
　　2. Where has research found you should study to earn more money in your career?
　　3. True or false? 
　　4. Which word used in the article, means 'have an effect on (something)'?
　　5. According to Alistair Jarvis, head of Universities UK, is there less or more chance of being unemployed if you have a degree?
　　
　　1. Mandeep felt ______ when she graduated from Oxford and got a job stacking shelves in a supermarket.
　　underqualified       qualified       over-qualification       overqualified
　　2. Buying a pair of boots is ______ in my long career in football.
　　a first step       in the long run       no pain, no gain       vocational
　　3. The government has come up with a plan to tackle the widening ______ between rich and poor.
　　outcomes       income gap       spiralling costs       medicine
　　4. If you want to win the marathon, you're going to have to train hard but it's a case of ______.
　　no gain, no pain       no gain or pain       no pain, no gain       not pain, not pain
　　5. Because of the ______, we can no longer afford to finish the building project.
　　social background       spiralling costs       income gap       law
　　
　　
　　1. According to the article, why might you question whether to go to university or not?
　　
　　2. Where has research found you should study to earn more money in your career?
　　
　　3. True or false? Studying creative arts at university tends to lead to a lower-earning career than from studying dentistry.
　　
　　4. Which word used in the article, means 'have an effect on (something)'?
　　
　　5. According to Alistair Jarvis, head of Universities UK, is there less or more chance of being unemployed if you have a degree?
　　
　　
　　1. Mandeep felt 
 when she graduated from Oxford and got a job stacking shelves in a supermarket.
　　2. Buying a pair of boots is 
 in my long career in football.
　　3. The government has come up with a plan to tackle the widening 
 between rich and poor.
　　4. If you want to win the marathon, you're going to have to train hard but it's a case of 
.
　　5. Because of the 
, we can no longer afford to finish the building project.

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2018 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml