　　漫画类写作是大学英语四六级写作部分的考试中常见的题型。这一类题目通常要求考生描述漫画内容，然后就漫画中提出的问题发表见解，并提出解决措施或得出自己的结论。
　　漫画类作文写法：
　　第一段：描述图片，引出中心思想。
　　第二段：正反议论型或现象解释型。
　　第三段：提出措施解决或得出自己的结论。
　　
　　①　From the cartoon /picture , we can see that ...
　　②　It can be clearly seen /concluded from the picture that ...
　　③　This picture vividly describes that ...
　　④　The picture describes ...
　　⑤　As shown/illustrated/can be seen/depicted/described in the picture，...
　　⑥　Let’s take a closer look at the drawing, ...
　　⑦　What the drawing vividly depicts is that ...
　　
　　①　The cartoon picture conveys the message that ...
　　②　It is safe to figure out that ...
　　③　The picture intends to inform us that ...
　　④　What the picture presents is that ...
　　⑤　The picture illustrates that ...
　　⑥　The author’s real purpose is not the drawing itself, but to lead us to ...
　　⑦　What the cartoon conveys is ...
　　⑧　The cartoon describes a very common phenomenon in our society that ...
　　⑨　How impressive the cartoon is in describing the most widespread social phenomenon concerning ...
　　
　　①　Funny as it seems, this picture poses us a controversial question: "..." Some people hold the view that ... Some people argue that ...
　　②　People’s views on ... vary from person to person. Some hold that ... However,others believe that ...
　　③　Attitudes towards ... vary from person to person.
　　= Different people hold different attitudes towards ...
　　④　Opinions vary when it comes to ... Some people insist that ... On the contrary, some people claim that ...
　　
　　①　The phenomenon involves many factors, which can be listed as the follows. To begin with, ...What’s more, ...
　　②　A multitude of reasons can account for the phenomenon. First of all, ... What’s more, ...
　　③　There are two reasons for this phenomenon. For one thing, ... For another, ...
　　④　What are the reasons for it? In the following sentences, I’ll venture to explore the reasons. To start with, ... In addition, ...
　　
　　①　There are some suggestions given to ... For one thing, ... For another, ...
　　②　In view of the problem, effective measures should be taken. For one thing, ... For another, ...
　　③　In conclusion, ... It is high time we did/should do ...
　　④　All in all, ... Only in this way can we ...
　　
　　①　To my knowledge, ...
　　②　In a word, in spite of the fact ... appears to have made life more complex and stressful, I feel that the advantages are more obvious, which have become an integral part of everyday life.
　　③　Through the above analysis on information technology,I believe that ...
　　④　From my point of view, ...
　　⑤　Every coin has two sides, ... is no exception. Admittedly, ...
　　⑥　As far as I am concerned, ...
　　
　　Directions：For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the picture below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the picture and comment on the kid’s understanding of going to school. You should write at least 120 but no more than 180 words.
　　
　　
　　
　　Technology has dramatically changed our world, stretching its legs to all walks of life. As is humorously depicted in the drawing, a boy holding a cellphone in his hand is asking his mother with great surprise. Since his phone can solve all the problems for him, he argues, is it still necessary to go to school?
　　Funny as it seems, this picture poses us a controversial question: “can technology replace traditional school learning?” For centuries, we Chinese have adhered to the public wisdom: school where education is provided is indispensable in our development. Nevertheless, there is a growing recognition that technology plays an extremely important role in our study, which we can hardly ignore. Nowadays, when children have questions, “baidu”instead of “teacher” will be the first to come to their minds.
　　To my knowledge, school learning should go hand in hand with technology. While cellphones do help in solving school problems, they cannot have answers to all the questions, such as “how to become a real man”, “how to make real friends”.Schools can shape our personality and allow us to adapt to the real world.
　　(来源：有道考神)
　　更多信息请访问：

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2018 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml