　　恭喜发财：
　　Wishing you prosperity
　　岁岁平安：
　　Peace all year round
　　心想事成：
　　May all your wishes come true
　　吉祥如意：
　　Everything goes well
　　国泰民安：
　　The country flourishes and people live in peace
　　招财进宝：
　　Money and treasures will be plentiful
　　金玉满堂：
　　Treasures fill the home
　　生意兴隆：
　　Business flourishes
　　和气生财：
　　Harmony brings wealth
　　一帆风顺：
　　Wishing you every success
　　步步高升：
　　Promoting to a higher position
　　出入平安：
　　Safe trip wherever you go
　　Wishing you all the blessings of a beautiful Christmas season.
　　愿你拥有美丽的新年所有的祝福。
　　May its blessings lead into a wonderful year for you and all whom you hold dear.
　　万事如意新年美好祝福你及你所爱的万事如意。
　　To wish you special joy at the holidays and all year.
　　祝你在节日和新的一年中享有无限的快乐。
　　Much joy to you in the upcoming year.
　　愿您在新的一年充满快乐。
　　Wishing you and your family a very happy new year.
　　祝福您及全家新年快乐。
　　May the bright and festive glow of New Year candle warm the days all the year through. Hoping you will have a wonderful time enjoying New Year that is happy in every way.
　　愿明亮喜庆的新年烛光温暖一年中的每个日日夜夜，祝你欢欢喜喜度新年!
　　Warm greetings and best wishes for happiness and good luck in the coming year.
　　衷心祝福来年快乐、幸运!
　　Hope you enjoy the happiness of New Year and all the trimmings.
　　祝你享尽新年佳节的快乐和新年的礼品。
　　Warm hearted wishes for a happy New Year filled with all your favorite things.
　　传统佳节之际，献上殷殷祝福，祝新年万事如意!
　　Wish many good wishes for the holidays and the coming year.
　　新的一年，向你献上最诚挚的祝福。
　　In the season of joy I present my sincere wishes and kind thoughts. May the kind of New Year outshine all the rest.
　　在这欢乐的时节给你我最真的祝福和亲切的思念，愿你今年的新年比往年更璀璨。
　　May the New Year be a time of laughter and real enjoyment for you. Best wishes.
　　愿新年不仅是你欢笑的时刻，更是你欢喜的日子。祝福你。
　　May the beauty and joy of New Year remain with you throughout the new year!
　　愿新春美景与欢乐常伴随你新年新年!
　　New Year time is here. I hope you have a wonderful New Year. May every day hold happy hours for you.
　　新年来临，祝新年快乐，愿你时时刻刻幸福欢乐!
　　May your New Year be filled with special moment, warmth, peace and happiness, the joy of covered ones near, and wishing you all the joys of Christmas and a year of happiness.
　　愿你的新年充满温馨，祥和，与亲人团聚的快乐，祝乐陶陶，新年乐无限。

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2018 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml