　　以前，英国中小学生在校学习期间会寻找一些简单的兼职零工，一方面给自己赚些零花钱，而更重要的是从中获取生活经验。而如今，在校期间做兼职的学生人数越来越少，这是为什么呢？本集《随身英语》探讨学生在校期间打零工的利与弊。
　　
　　
　　When you were at school, the last thing you probably wanted to do was spend your weekends going to work. There was homework to do, sport to play and fun to be had. But our parents probably persuaded us to find a job to earn some money and get some 
. When I was a teenager I had a 
: delivering newspapers to people's homes. I then progressed to a 
 in a supermarket: 
 and working at the 
.
　　Today in the UK you are allowed to work from the age of 13, and many children do take up 
 jobs. It's one of those things that is seen almost as a 
. It's a taste of 
 and sometimes a useful thing to put on your CV. Teenagers agree that it teaches valuable lessons about working with adults and also about managing your money. So, that's no bad thing!
　　Some research has shown that not taking on a Saturday or holiday job could be 
 to a person later on. A 2015 study by the UK Commission on Employment and Skills found that not participating in part-time work at school age had been blamed by employers' organisations for young adults being 
 for 
. But despite this, recent statistics have shown that the number of schoolchildren in the UK with a part-time job has fallen by a fifth in the past five years.
　　So, does this mean that British teenagers are now more afraid of 
? Probably not. Some experts feel that young people feel going out to work will 
 their performance at school, and they are under more pressure now to study hard and get good exam results - and a good job in the long term. However, Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, told BBC News that "Properly 
 part-time work is a good way of helping young people learn skills that they will need in their working lives." In reality, it's all about getting the right balance between doing part-time work and having enough time to study and rest.
　　Many young people actually want to work because it gives them a
. One 13 year-old girl called Rachel, who has a Saturday job in a shop, told the BBC that "I enjoy my job because I'm earning money and it helps my 
 speaking to people and 
 with people I work with." That seems like something worth getting up for on a Saturday morning. Did you do a part-time job when you were at school?
　　
　　life experience 生活经历
　　paper round（通常由中小学生做的）上门送报服务
　　Saturday job 周六工作，业余零工
　　stack shelves 码放货架上的物品，整理货架
　　checkout 付款台，结账处
　　part-time 兼职的
　　rite of passage 成人仪式
　　independence 自主，自立，独立
　　CV 简历
　　detrimental 有危害的
　　ill-prepared 准备不足的
　　full-time employment 全职工作
　　hard graft 艰苦奋斗
　　hinder 阻碍，妨碍
　　regulated（按照规定或法律）管理的
　　sense of freedom 自由感
　　confidence 自信
　　socialise 交往，交际
　　
　　
　　1. True or false: 
　　2. What have employers blamed for adults being ill-prepared for full-time work?
　　3. Why have some school children decided not to do a part-time job?
　　4. Which word used in the article means 'a situation where things are equal'?
　　5. What has happened to the number of British children doing part-time work?
　　
　　1. Experts say smoking cigarettes can have a ______ effect on your health.
　　hinder       detrimental       regulated       hard graft
　　2. The sailor was ______ for his trip and his yacht ended up hitting a reef and sinking.
　　ill-preparation       ill-preparing       ill-prepared       ill-prepare
　　3. Fans say the athlete's ______ has been worth it and she deserves to win the gold medal.
　　confidence       socialising       hard graft       independence
　　4. Since Li has had her baby she's cut her working hours and now works ______.
　　part-time       full-time       Saturday job       socialising
　　5. Quitting my job and moving to the countryside has given me a new ______.
　　freedom sense       sense and freedom       sensible freedom       sense of freedom
　　
　　
　　1. True or false: 
　　2. What have employers blamed for adults being ill-prepared for full-time work?
　　
　　3. Why have some school children decided not to do a part-time job?
　　
　　4. Which word used in the article means 'a situation where things are equal'?
　　
　　5. What has happened to the number of British children doing part-time work?
　　
　　
　　1. Experts say smoking cigarettes can have a 
 effect on your health.
　　2. The sailor was 
 for his trip and his yacht ended up hitting a reef and sinking.
　　3. Fans say the athlete's 
 has been worth it and she deserves to win the gold medal.
　　4. Since Li has had her baby she's cut her working hours and now works 
.
　　5. Quitting my job and moving to the countryside has given me a new 
.

					

					

				
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿

            
 Copyright 
 1996-2018 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved 
 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml