　　上前一步
　　A group shot is one of the most common set-ups for a photo on a night out but how do you make sure you stand out from the crowd？
　　晚上出去聚会难免会拍张合影，但如何确保你能从人群中脱颖而出呢？
　　Fisher suggests taking a small step of the rest of the group so you are positioned slightly in front. ’That position can give the effect of being taller,’ he explained.
　　费希尔建议你比其他人迈上前一小步，这样你就能站得略微靠前。他解释说：“这让你显得更高。”
　　If looking a little on the short-side is a concern then ask the photographer to shoot from a lower angle so the lens is pointing upwards.
　　如果你担心拍出来自己显得有点矮，可以请摄影师从更低的角度拍摄，这样摄像头就会冲上面拍。
　　Stand front and centre
　　站在前排中间
　　Another tip for standing out in a group shot is to take the centre position.
　　拍合影时更显眼的另一办法是站在中间。
　　It might seem domineering to insist on being in the middle, but it is the easiest way to ensure you’ll like how you look in the photo.
　　坚持站在中间似乎有些霸道，但这是确保拍出绝佳上镜照片最简单的办法。
　　Fisher explained: ’That way you are at the centre of attention and you are not standing at an angle that is showing off your least favorite side.’
　　费希尔解释说：“这样你就成为众人瞩目的焦点，也不会把你最差的一面展示在镜头前。”
　　Work out your quirks
　　找出你拍照时的不当动作
　　Stars like Beyoncé might look effortless on the red carpet but part of that natural look is down to the practice they put in before getting in front of the camera.
　　碧昂斯等明星在红毯上看起来很从容，但她们表情自然的部分原因是拍照前就进行过一些练习。
　　Fisher said: ’To really perfect your pose, it’s important to spend some time practising in front of a mirror and observing the various positions, pouts and poses you have.
　　费希尔说：“为了让站姿更完美，重要的是花些时间在镜子前练习，观察各种不同的站姿、嘟嘴动作和摆出的姿势等等。”
　　Take note of what you are most comfortable with and if there are some quirks that you want to avoid such as fidgeting with your outfit or hair.’
　　“记下让你感到最舒服的姿势，还要注意是否有些你想避免的动作，比如扯衣服和撩头发。”
　　For inspiration take a look at your favourite celebrities and try and mimic their best on-camera looks.
　　为了寻找灵感，可以看看你最喜欢的明星，试着模仿他们在镜头前的最佳表情。
　　Try this fail-safe pose
　　这样站立绝对没错
　　No matter what pose you go for, there is one fail-safe option that you can always fall back on.
　　不管摆出什么姿势，你都可以尝试这个不会出错的办法。
　　Be sure to keep your chin up, look straight down the camera lens and stand tall for a more flattering pose,’ Fisher said.
　　他说：“要信心满满，直视镜头，以一种更让人赏心悦目的站姿昂首站立。”
　　Most importantly, feel confident.
　　最重要的是，要感到自信。
　　Fisher added: ’Standing with confidence and being comfortable in your stance is most important when being photographed.’
　　费希尔补充说：“站立时要充满自信，站姿要感到舒适，这在拍照时最重要。”
电话：400-690-0000 欢迎批评指正

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        

                    
Copyright © 1996-2018 SINA Corporation
All Rights Reserved 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml