　　列夫.托尔斯泰《安娜.卡列尼娜》
　　All happy families are happy alike, all unhappy families are unhappy in their own way.
　　幸福的家庭总是相似的，而不幸的家庭则各有各的不幸。
　　Pride and prejudice by Jane Austen
　　简.奥斯汀《傲慢与偏见》
　　It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possessing of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.
　　凡是有钱的单身汉，总想娶位太太，这已经成了一条举世公认的真理。
　　Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov
　　弗拉基米尔.纳博科夫《洛丽塔》
　　Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Lo-Lee-Ta: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate of tap, at three, on the teeth. Lo. Lee. Ta.
　　洛丽塔，我的生命之光，我的欲念之火。我的罪恶，我的剥去，洛-丽-塔：舌尖向上，分三步，从上颚往下轻轻落在牙齿上。洛。丽。塔。
　　a tale of two cities by Charles Dickens
　　查尔斯.狄更斯《双城记》
　　It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. It was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness. It was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity. It was the season of light, it was the season of darkness. It was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair. We had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to heaven, we were all going direct the other way.
　　这是最美好的时代，这是最糟糕的时代；这是智慧的年头，这是愚昧的年头；这是信仰的时期，这是怀疑的时期；这是光明的季节，这是黑暗的季节；这是希望之春，这是失望之冬。我们的前途拥有一切，我们的前途一无所有；我们正走向天堂，我们也正直下地狱。
　　The great gatsby by f. Scott Fitzgerald
　　弗.司各特.菲茨杰拉德 《了不起的盖茨比》
　　In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I’ve been turning over in my mind ever since.“Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,” he told me, “just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.”
　　在我年轻、幼稚的时候，父亲曾给了我一番教诲，我一直铭记在心：“每当你想要批评别人的时候，”他对我说，“你就记住在这世界上不是人人都享有过你所拥有的优越条件。”
　　The metamorphosis by Franz Kafka
　　弗兰兹.卡夫卡《变形记》
　　As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a gigantic insect.
　　一天早晨，格里高尔.萨姆沙从不安的睡梦中醒来，发现自己躺在床上变成了一只巨大的甲虫。
电话：400-690-0000 欢迎批评指正

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        

                    
Copyright © 1996-2018 SINA Corporation
All Rights Reserved 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml