　　在复活节即将来临之际，咱来看看这个节日的由来和背后的故事。复活节是什么节日？复活节彩蛋究竟和复活节有什么关系呢？
　　Easter’s celebration date changes every year. It is one of the most important Christian celebrations and it commemorates the resurrection of Jesus from the tomb.
　　复活节的庆祝日期每年都在变化。它是最重要的基督教庆祝活动之一，纪念耶稣从坟墓中复活。
　　When is Easter?
　　何时是复活节？
　　Easter is usually celebrated on the first Sunday after the full moon, after the spring equinox.
　　复活节通常是春分后的满月后的第一个星期日。
　　According to the Bible, Jesus Christ’s death and resurrection occurred around the time of the Jewish Passover, which was celebrated on the first full moon following the spring equinox. This led to Christians celebrating Easter on different dates each year.
　　根据《圣经》，耶稣基督的死亡和复活发生在犹太逾越节的时间，这是在春分后第一次满月时庆祝的。因此基督徒每年在不同的日期庆祝复活节。
　　For the Western churches, the earliest Easter can fall is on March 22, and the latest it is on April 25.
　　对于西方教会来说，最早的复活节可能是3月22日，最迟是4月25日。
　　Eastern Christianity bases its calculations on the Julian Calendar. Because of the 13-day difference between the calendars, March 21 corresponds to April 3 in the Gregorian Calendar. Easter, therefore, varies between April 4 and May 8 in the Gregorian calendar.
　　东方基督教将其计算基于朱利安日历。由于两种日历之间的13天差异，3月21日对应于公历中的4月3日。因此，复活节在公历4月4日至5月8日不等。
　　Easter 2018: This year, in the Gregorian calendar, Easter will fall on Sunday, April 1, and, in the Julian calendar, it will fall on Sunday, April 8.
　　2018年复活节：据今年公历，复活节是4月1日星期日，而在朱利安日历中，复活节将是4月8日的星期日。
　　Christians celebrate Easter on a Sunday as it was the day Jesus rose from the dead, after being crucified on a Friday two days before.
　　基督徒在星期天庆祝复活节，因为这是耶稣在两天前的星期五被钉在十字架上死去之后复活的日子。
　　Why do we have Easter eggs?
　　为什么我们有复活节彩蛋？
　　Today, many associate Easter with Easter eggs. The egg has many interpretations, but it is known as an ancient symbol of new life, and it has been associated with festivals celebrating spring.
　　今天，许多人把复活节和复活节彩蛋联系起来。这个蛋有很多解释，但它被认为是新生活的古老象征，并且与庆祝春天的节日有关。
　　From a Christian perspective, it is believed Easter eggs represent Jesus’ resurrection. The outside of the egg looks dead, but inside there is new life, which is going to break out.
　　从基督徒的角度来看，人们相信复活节彩蛋代表耶稣的复活。蛋从外面看起来已经死了，但里面还有新的生命即将爆发。
　　Orthodox Christians dye boiled eggs red to represent the blood of Christ, according to Anne Jordan’s book, Christianity.
　　根据Anne Jordan的书《基督教》中所述，东正教徒将红色的煮鸡蛋染红以代表基督的鲜血。
　　The tradition can be traced to early Christians of Mesopotamia, and from there it spread into Russia, and later into Europe through the churches.
　　这个传统可以追溯到美索不达米亚早期的基督徒，并从那里传播到俄罗斯，然后通过教堂传播到欧洲。
电话：400-690-0000 欢迎批评指正

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        

                    
Copyright © 1996-2018 SINA Corporation
All Rights Reserved 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml