　　科学研究表明简单碳水化合物—尤其是糖才是现代饮食中真正导致肥胖的罪魁祸首，如果你想减肥，那就要从戒糖开始，教你几招戒糖的简单方法。
　　If you’ve vaguely but assuredly “known” that the cause of the obesity epidemic in the United States is fats, you’re not alone.
　　如果你隐约但确定地“知道”，美国肥胖流行的原因是脂肪，那么，很多人跟你的想法一样。
　　You are, however, wrong.
　　但是，你错了。
　　The sugar industry has conducted a decades-long blitz to convince consumers that fats — not sugars — are the driving force behind America’s weight problem, The Times’s Op-Ed columnist David Leonhardt writes in our guide to quitting sugar.
　　时报专栏作家戴维.莱昂哈特(David Leonhardt)在我们的戒糖指南中写道，制糖业进行了长达数十年的宣传，让消费者相信，美国超重问题的罪魁祸首是脂肪，而非糖。
　　But simple carbohydrates, particularly sugar, are the real culprits in the modern diet, and are the driving forces “behind the diabetes and obesity epidemics,” Mr. Leonhardt writes.
　　但莱昂哈特写道，简单碳水化合物——尤其是糖——是现代饮食中真正的罪魁祸首，是“糖尿病和肥胖流行”的成因。
　　Cutting out sugar is easier than it sounds, and it starts with evaluating some of our most basic habits. For even more guidance, read our whole guide here, but here are four easy ways to cut down today.
　　戒糖没有想象的那么难，首先要从评估我们的一些最基本的习惯开始。如欲获得更多指导，请阅读我们的完整指南，这里介绍四个从今天起开始戒糖的简单方法。
　　Stop drinking soda
　　停止饮用汽水
　　This one is a no-brainer. Sweetened beverages account for about 47 percent of added sugar in the American diet, and they are essentially nutrient-free calorie-delivery vehicles. A 16-ounce bottle of Coke contains 52 grams of sugar, more than your entire daily limit.
　　这是显而易见的。美国人饮食中约47%的添加糖来自甜味饮料，而且它们基本上都是毫无营养的卡路里输送载体。一瓶16盎司的可乐中含52克糖，高于每日摄入量的上限。
　　If you drink soda for the caffeine, switch to tea or coffee. If it’s the carbonation or the convenience of having a drink in a can handy, try switching to a seltzer like La Croix (my personal beverage of choice — try the coconut flavor!).
　　如果你是为了摄取咖啡因而饮用碳酸饮料，那就换成茶或咖啡。如果是因为碳酸化，或者是为了享受罐装饮料的便捷，那么，你可以试着改喝气泡水，比如La Croix（我个人的最爱——试试椰子味的！）
　　Watch your breakfast
　　留意你的早餐
　　Sugar is stealthily sneaked into many breakfast foods that are marketed as “healthy” or “natural.” Flavored yogurts, for example, are loaded with sugar, and fruit juices are an easy way to drink tons of sugar without realizing.
　　许多被标榜为“健康”或“天然”的早餐食品中悄悄加入了糖。例如，调味酸奶中含有大量糖，而果汁也很容易让你无意中摄入大量糖。
　　For your morning meal, try to eat more grain-based foods with low or little sugar, like Cheerios, plain oatmeal, bread and homemade granola, Mr. Leonhardt suggests. And if you want to skip grains altogether, great options include scrambled or fried eggs, whole fruits, plain yogurt and nuts.
　　莱昂哈特建议，早餐时，尽量多吃含有少量糖或不含糖的谷物食品，比如Cheerios麦圈、原味燕麦片、面包和自制谷麦。如果你想完全不吃谷物，那么，最好的选择包括炒蛋或煎蛋、整只水果、原味酸奶和坚果。
　　For even more breakfast recipes, check out these breakfast recipes from whole30, a more radical diet that forces out all sugar, in addition to other items. (A personal favorite crash diet of yours truly.)
　　如果你想获得更多早餐食谱，可以查看Whole30的这些早餐食谱。它们更极端，完全不使用糖以及其他一些成分（鄙人最爱的速效减肥餐）。
　　Check the sauces
　　检查酱汁
　　As with breakfast foods, food producers sneak more sugar into sauces and condiments than you’d guess — for example, two of the four biggest ingredients in Heinz Ketchup are sweeteners, Mr. Leonhardt writes.
　　莱昂哈特写道，和早餐食品一样，食品生产商在酱料和调味品中添加的糖分比你想象的要多。例如，亨氏番茄酱的四种主要配料中有两种是甜味剂。
　　Read the labels on sauces and see how high sugar is listed, and watch out for sugar by another name, like high fructose corn syrup.
　　看一下酱料上的标签，看看糖含量有多高，注意其他名称的糖，比如高果糖玉米糖浆。
　　Some sauces that don’t rely on sugar for flavor are Maille dijon mustard, Gulden’s spicy brown, French’s Yellow Mustard, Prego’s Marinara, and Newman’s Own Classic Oil and Vinegar salad dressing.
　　不靠糖来调味的酱料包括Maille牌第戎芥末酱、Gulden’s牌辣酱、French’s牌黄芥末酱、Prego牌海员调味汁，以及Newman’s Own牌经典油醋沙拉汁。
　　Try a diet reset
　　尝试饮食重置
　　Mr. Leonhardt’s own reckoning with sugar came when he cut sugar out of his diet for an entire month, which he wrote about here. I had a similar experience years ago when I tried Whole30 for the first time (and wrote about it here), and it is truly shocking how much sugar we eat without even realizing it.
　　莱昂哈特对糖的思考始于他戒糖整整一个月后——他在本栏目写过这段经历。几年前第一次尝试Whole30节食法时，我也有过类似的经历（我在本栏目写过这个故事），我们不知不觉中摄入的糖量真的令人震惊。
　　If a full month sounds like too big an undertaking, try this: The next time you’re making a big shopping trip at the grocery store, stop to read the ingredients label of every single thing you buy. Watch out for keywords that are used to disguise sugar — like dextrose, fructose, saccharose, agave nectar and evaporated cane juice — and take stock of how much sugar you’ve been eating without even realizing it.
　　如果坚持一个月听起来太难实现，那就试试这样：下次去杂货店购物时，停下来看看你买的每一样东西的成分标签。注意那些用来掩饰糖类的关键词，比如葡萄糖、果糖、蔗糖、龙舌兰糖浆和浓缩甘蔗汁，算一下你不知不觉中摄入了多少糖。
　　For even more tips and tricks to cutting down on sugar, read our full guide here.
　　如欲了解减少糖摄入的更多的技巧和方法，请阅读我们的完整指南。
电话：400-690-0000 欢迎批评指正

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        

                    
Copyright © 1996-2018 SINA Corporation
All Rights Reserved 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml