　　美国特朗普政府将出台强化对入境外国人资格审查的新举措，无论是移民还是非移民，将被要求交出所使用的社交媒体、电子邮箱等详细信息，目的是确保这些人不会对美国构成威胁。
　　The Trump administration has said it wants to start collecting the social media history of nearly everyone seeking a visa to enter the US.
　　特朗普政府表示，希望开始收集几乎每个申请美国签证进入美国的人的社交媒体历史。
　　The proposal, which comes from the state department, would require most visa applicants to give details of their Facebook and Twitter accounts.
　　来自国家部门的这项提案将要求大多数签证申请人提供其脸书和推特账户的详细信息。
　　They would have to disclose all social media identities used in the past five years.
　　他们必须提供过去五年中使用的所有社交媒体身份。
　　About 14.7 million people a year would be affected by the proposals.
　　这些提议会影响每年大约1470万人。
　　The information would be used to identify and vet those seeking both immigrant and non-immigrant visas.
　　这些信息将用于识别和审查那些寻求移民和非移民签证的人。
　　Applicants would also be asked for five years of their telephone numbers, email addresses and travel history. They would be required to say if they had ever been deported from a country, or if any relatives had been involved in terrorist activity.
　　申请人还需要过去五年中使用的电话号码，电子邮件地址和旅行记录。他们需要说出他们是否曾经被驱逐出国，或者是否有亲属参与过恐怖主义活动。
　　The proposal would not affect citizens from countries to which the US grants visa-free travel status - among them the UK, Canada, France and Germany. However, citizens from non-exempt countries like India, China and Mexico could be embroiled if they visit the US for work or a holiday.
　　该提案不会影响美国给予免签证旅行身份的国家的公民 - 其中包括英国，加拿大，法国和德国。然而，来自印度，中国和墨西哥等非豁免国家的公民如果访问美国工作或度假，可能会受到影响。
　　Officials defended the proposal by saying it would help to identify potential extremists.
　　官员们辩称，这将有助于确定潜在的极端主义分子。
　　The social media platforms covered in the proposal include US-based entities such as Instagram, LinkedIn, Reddit and YouTube. However, the New York Times reports that overseas platforms such as China’s Sina Weibo and Russia’s VK social network would also be included.
　　该提案涵盖的社交媒体平台包括美国公司如Instagram，LinkedIn，Reddit和YouTube。然而，《纽约时报》报道称，中国的新浪微博和俄罗斯的VK社交网络等海外平台也将包括在内。
电话：400-690-0000 欢迎批评指正

                        

                        

                        

                        

                        

                    
Copyright © 1996-2018 SINA Corporation
All Rights Reserved 新浪公司 

http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2015-07-13/164190967.shtml